---
title: "Disclaimer"
template: "page"
---

All content provided on this website is for informational purposes
only. Rick van Lieshout can not be held responsible in any way. The
content on this blog represents the personal views of the individual
author and do not necessarily represent the views of organizations
that the author is affiliated with or with the views of any other
author whom might post on this blog. The owner of this blog makes no
representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information
on this site or found by following any link on this site. The owner
will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor
for the availability of this information. The owner will not be liable
for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this
information. The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or
delete any comments submitted to this blog without notice due to
offensive comments or language. Please do not send any confidential or
privileged information.

I do not share(nor collect) personal information with third-parties or
store information collected about your visit to this blog for use
other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies,
which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browserâ€™s
settings. Please refer to the [cookies](/pages/legal/cookies)
page for more information about cookies. I am not responsible for the
republishing of the content found on this blog on other Web sites or
media without our permission. Lastly, this site contains links to
other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we have no
control over the privacy practices or content of those other websites,
and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those
websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
These terms and conditions of use are subject to change at anytime and
without notice.
